c:\users\cs03-17\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsApplication18\WindowsApplication18\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication18.exe.config
c:\users\cs03-17\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsApplication18\WindowsApplication18\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication18.Form1.resources
c:\users\cs03-17\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsApplication18\WindowsApplication18\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication18.Resources.resources
c:\users\cs03-17\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsApplication18\WindowsApplication18\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication18.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\cs03-17\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsApplication18\WindowsApplication18\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication18.exe
c:\users\cs03-17\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsApplication18\WindowsApplication18\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication18.pdb
c:\users\cs03-17\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsApplication18\WindowsApplication18\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication18.xml
c:\users\cs03-17\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsApplication18\WindowsApplication18\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication18.Form2.resources
c:\users\cs03-17\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsApplication18\WindowsApplication18\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication18.exe
c:\users\cs03-17\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsApplication18\WindowsApplication18\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication18.xml
c:\users\cs03-17\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsApplication18\WindowsApplication18\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication18.pdb
c:\users\cs03-17\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsApplication18\WindowsApplication18\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication18.Form3.resources
\\LALA\Students\CS03\CS03-17\JAMESMATT\VISUAL STUDIO\WindowsApplication18(ChangePass)\WindowsApplication18\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication18.exe.config
\\LALA\Students\CS03\CS03-17\JAMESMATT\VISUAL STUDIO\WindowsApplication18(ChangePass)\WindowsApplication18\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication18.exe
\\LALA\Students\CS03\CS03-17\JAMESMATT\VISUAL STUDIO\WindowsApplication18(ChangePass)\WindowsApplication18\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication18.xml
\\LALA\Students\CS03\CS03-17\JAMESMATT\VISUAL STUDIO\WindowsApplication18(ChangePass)\WindowsApplication18\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication18.pdb
\\LALA\Students\CS03\CS03-17\JAMESMATT\VISUAL STUDIO\WindowsApplication18(ChangePass)\WindowsApplication18\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication18.exe
\\LALA\Students\CS03\CS03-17\JAMESMATT\VISUAL STUDIO\WindowsApplication18(ChangePass)\WindowsApplication18\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication18.pdb
\\LALA\Students\CS03\CS03-17\JAMESMATT\VISUAL STUDIO\WindowsApplication18(ChangePass)\WindowsApplication18\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication18.xml
\\LALA\Students\CS03\CS03-17\JAMESMATT\VISUAL STUDIO\WindowsApplication18(ChangePass)\WindowsApplication18\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication18.Form1.resources
\\LALA\Students\CS03\CS03-17\JAMESMATT\VISUAL STUDIO\WindowsApplication18(ChangePass)\WindowsApplication18\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication18.Form2.resources
\\LALA\Students\CS03\CS03-17\JAMESMATT\VISUAL STUDIO\WindowsApplication18(ChangePass)\WindowsApplication18\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication18.Resources.resources
\\LALA\Students\CS03\CS03-17\JAMESMATT\VISUAL STUDIO\WindowsApplication18(ChangePass)\WindowsApplication18\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication18.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\james matthew luyon\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WindowsApplication18(ChangePass)\WindowsApplication18\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication18.exe.config
C:\Users\james matthew luyon\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WindowsApplication18(ChangePass)\WindowsApplication18\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication18.exe
C:\Users\james matthew luyon\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WindowsApplication18(ChangePass)\WindowsApplication18\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication18.xml
C:\Users\james matthew luyon\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WindowsApplication18(ChangePass)\WindowsApplication18\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication18.pdb
